README.md, before:

# canvas-ui

A Typescript UI library which uses HTML canvases.

Documentation is available in the [docs folder](docs/README.md).

Unity integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-unity repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-unity).

three.js integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-three repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-three).

Wonderland Engine integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-wl repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-wl).

## Example

Examples can be found in the `examples` folder

## Special thanks

Special thanks to Playko ([website](https://www.playko.com/),
[github](https://github.com/playkostudios)) where this project started and is
currently being developed at.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license (see the LICENSE file)

This project uses the following open-source projects:
- [@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/packages/eslint-plugin) licensed under the MIT license
- [@typescript-eslint/parser](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/packages/parser) licensed under the BSD 2-Clause license
- [esbuild](https://github.com/evanw/esbuild) licensed under the MIT license
- [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) licensed under the MIT license
- [eslint-plugin-tree-shaking](https://github.com/lukastaegert/eslint-plugin-tree-shaking) licensed under the MIT license
- [local-web-server](https://github.com/lwsjs/local-web-server) licensed under the MIT license
- [typedoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/TypeDoc) licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
- [typescript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) licensed under the Apache 2.0 license

Commit message:

Update README (add contributing section, change documentation link)

README.md, after:

# canvas-ui

A Typescript UI library which uses HTML canvases.

Documentation is available on [Github pages](https://rafern.github.io/canvas-ui/).

Unity integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-unity repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-unity).

three.js integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-three repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-three).

Wonderland Engine integration can be found in the 
[canvas-ui-wl repository](https://github.com/rafern/canvas-ui-wl).

## Contributing

To check for linter errors, run `npm run lint`

To build this project, run `npm run build`

To build this project in watch mode and with unminified output run `npm run dev`

To re-generate the documentation, run `npm run docs`

To add/modify theme properties, modify the `theme_properties.json` file and run
`npm run generate_theme`

## Example

Examples can be found in the `examples` folder

## Special thanks

Special thanks to Playko ([website](https://www.playko.com/),
[github](https://github.com/playkostudios)) where this project started and is
currently being developed at.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license (see the LICENSE file)

This project uses the following open-source projects:
- [@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/packages/eslint-plugin) licensed under the MIT license
- [@typescript-eslint/parser](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/tree/master/packages/parser) licensed under the BSD 2-Clause license
- [esbuild](https://github.com/evanw/esbuild) licensed under the MIT license
- [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) licensed under the MIT license
- [eslint-plugin-tree-shaking](https://github.com/lukastaegert/eslint-plugin-tree-shaking) licensed under the MIT license
- [local-web-server](https://github.com/lwsjs/local-web-server) licensed under the MIT license
- [typedoc](https://github.com/TypeStrong/TypeDoc) licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
- [typescript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
